hey guys welcome back so I'm gonna be
showing you one of my latest favorite
looks it's very simple and could be used
for any party or prom that you might be
attending soon
I'm starting out with salted caramel
from the chocolate bar palette and I'm
placing that all over my Creed with a
very fluffy blending brush
now I'm taking milk chocolate and I'm
placing that right underneath salted
caramel
now I'm thinking somebody sweet and I'm
gonna be putting that right where it put
no chocolate just sue to find the shape
of my eye or
now I'm clicking triple fudge and
discolors Judds gonna create a very nice
contrast against the shimmery shade that
we're gonna be putting on our lid in a
bit and just put it on the outer corners
of your eyes and bring it into your
crease a little bit
now take your big fluffy blending brush
and this is the same one that I used
when I put salted caramel the first
color in my eye
and just take your time to blend out
your eyes it's very important to blend
so that you don't have any hard harsh
looking lines and this bad boy right
here is the focus of the mud
it is the colour-pop cosmetics super
shock shadow in the color I heart this
it is just so perfect because it's so
pigmented and so shimmery that it looks
just like glitter on your eyelid so
place the shadow on your lid just don't
take a past like the middle of your
eyelid because we still want to see the
dark brown on the outer corner and also
let's take it on the inner corners and
then carve out your eye shape of the eye
shadow like I'm doing
and I'm just applying some more of I
heart this to make it more intense
and I'm just applying some more triple
fudge to the outer corners now go ahead
and line your eyes with your liquid or
gel eyeliner
apply a few coats of mascara
I applied load eyeliner to my waterline
but later I decided that I didn't like
it so I just went over that with black
eyeliner bud and made it look great so
sort of like bring it back to looking
frown or black I put some brown mascara
I mean eyeshadow on my lower lash line
followed by black mascara and then foxy
and my obsession at the moment is this
liquid matte lipstick from colored brain
and it is in the color sugar
and that is it for today's video we'll
see you all in my next one and thank you
for watching bye